# Development Process

## Branches

- master (deloyments from master go to production)
- admin (deployments from admin go to production)
- sprint_# (deployments from current sprint branch go to QA aka final)
  - 1 branch per sprint

## Sprints

### Development

Prior to each sprint a branch will be created specifically for the current sprint.
All sprint related work will be completed on the current sprint's branch (CSB).
Therefore developers will create issue branches using the CSB as the base.

Upon completing an issue a pull request (PR) will be opened against the CSB.
The code is reviewed and, if approved, merged into the CSB.

CI will be configured to create new AMIs from builds generated by code at the head of the CSB.
Therefore, when a PR is merged a new deployment unit (DU) is created. Once created, the DU can be deployed via chatbot at any time to the QA environment AKA final.

### Releases

When a sprint ends a new sprint branch is created for developers, and the previous sprint is put on a code freeze.
Therefore, no more changes will be allowed into the frozen branch (FB). Unless the change has been requested by QA via a "final issue" complete a release.
However, CI will remain on the FB until the release is complete.
Once the FB has been approved by QA it is merged into master, and deployed into production for smoke testing.

### Admin

When changes to admin occur and need to be tested this can be done within the QA testing environment.
Just as we do now in final. After an admin has been tested in QA a new production admin DU can be created by merging master into the admin branch.
CI will build the admin DU and a new admin can then be deployed into production via the chatbot.

